Rough order of priority

1. SOLVED
	Figure out multi-tone - the frequencies don't line up? Or that's just mad aliasing. Or both - SOLVED(Sorta)
	Seems to be that we only fill half the buffer - SOLVED
Solution:
	Seems to be mix of me not knowing what fifths sound like, and trying to use non integer frequencies.
Remarks:
	Why didn't my method work damnit?
	also some sounds still sound bad? Sounds better

2. SOLVED
	Figure why there's input lag
	The note needs to force the synth to update?
	There's about a half second lag
	Affected by logic update interval of justsynth? NOPE
	It's not related to the buffer – the sampleData array changes pretty much instantly after KeyOn comes on
Solution:
	set BufferSize in auline.open()
Remarks:
	Internet is great

3. SOLVED
	if you change noteon or noteoff in the middle of a single buffer, I think it doesn't respond and the note sticks.
	There's a harsh sound when you join a note with another? Only if you do it too soon after.
	Is it from the fade? Yeah the beats are really intense. I think it's in the decay. Def in decay, or transition from attack to decay.
	Is it the sudden twist? Need algorithm for smoother transition? Exponential instead of linear:
		see http://www.cchrispeters.com/Images/EnvelopeGenerator.gif
Solution: Multiply the samples by Short.MAX_VALUE/2 instead of the full. When you added them in mixer, you were going over the top of
	the size limit of the 16 bit integer, so make them all smaller.
Remarks: This lets you start chords, but there's still the problem of sticking

3.5
	the problem of sticking
	the envelopegenerator gets stuck in sustain – check the count
	Well I put a noteOff[noteDex] = false from one if to another, to eliminate redundancy. Did this do anything? NOPE\
Solution:
Remarks:


4.
	Add volume controls for mix? Higher pitched are louder, so need to be scaled down? Equalizer
Solution:
Remarks:

5. Sustain pedal feature (spacebar)

2.5ish
	Then add features:
	2 Octaves A to A DONE
	Equal Tempered – DONE
	and Dynamic Just Retuning
		Different Just Diatonics (It'll be easy once you get one down)
			7 Limit super pure – DONE
			Pythagorean
	So the aug 4/ dim 5 always has this sort of disconnected doubling
			
	Graphics – DONE
	Instructions (Help Screen, separate state?)
	Intro Screen - DONE
	
	info on screen:
	current tuning state – DONE
	generate the table – DONE
	
	Maybe have non-12 note scales – UNLIKELY